Fetching the post generally works what doesn't really work is to display all of the thumbnail and the
preview text.
Now the issue is obvious if we have a look at firebase something is stored in thumbnail link here and
the preview text doesn't even exist.
So we have to fix both in our code when we create a new post here.
We should probably change the data we fetch and we store it.
So in the Edmon Post forum here we should rename thumpingly a link to just Nehal so that we are in line
to Diablo components where we try to access the Fontenelle property and we also need to provide a field
at best text area so it will copy the content field which allows us to fetch some pretty you text.
So preview text also named the field as such preview text.
To store that we need to add that field to our edit that post.
Preview text.
Initially it's an empty string.
And now all future posts which we save will have the updated thumbnail and the preview text.
So let's go back and let's delete dead wrong post and let's create a new one instead.
So the Edmund sectional tree then you post it's by Max.
It's a working post here.
All at the same image as before again like this.
This post should work and the review is should work.
Let's now save and we get back to state data response.
You may ignore the advertisers.
They will be fixed later.
And if we now go back to our starting page now we get no error and a working post though the thumbnail
image isn't really this late.
Why is that.
If we inspect firebase thumbnail is empty because the admin post for him I'm still synchronizing this
field to thumbnail link.
Let's switch just to edit it post something here on the input and lets for now manually fix this on
firebase future posts.
Should work fine.
So for now I'll just manually enter this link here into the thumbnail field in the future.
Again this will work.
I can't get rid of the erroneous field here.
Now if we go back and reload that page we do see our from Neil.
So this is now working at the same is true for our block list here.
Let's next work on fetching a single block posts because there we still use dummy data.